README.md, before:

# Golang Microservices Boilerplate

[![issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/gbrayhan/microservices-go)](https://github.com/gbrayhan/microservices-go/tree/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE)
[![forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/gbrayhan/microservices-go)](https://github.com/gbrayhan/microservices-go/network/members)
[![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/gbrayhan/microservices-go)](https://github.com/gbrayhan/microservices-go/stargazers)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/gbrayhan/microservices-go)](https://github.com/gbrayhan/microservices-go/tree/master/LICENSE)
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/gbrayhan/microservices-go/badge/master)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/gbrayhan/microservices-go/overview/master)

Example structure to start a microservices project with golang. Using a MySQL databaseSQL.

## Manual Installation

If you would still prefer to do the installation manually, follow these steps:

Clone the repo:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/gbrayhan/microservices-go
```

If you need, configure the environment variables in file config.json, if you use docker-compose leave the variables set
in the file config.json.example

```bash 
cp config.json.example config.json
```

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Commands](#commands)
- [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [API Documentation](#api-documentation)
- [Error Handling](#error-handling)
- [Validation](#validation)
- [Linting](#linting)

## Features

- **Golang v1.14**: Stable version of go
- **Framework**: A stable version of [gin-go](https://github.com/gin-gonic/gin)
- **SQL databaseSQL**: [MariaDB](https://mariadb.org/) using internal sql package of
  go [sql](https://golang.org/pkg/databaseSQL/sql/)
- **Testing**: unit and integration tests using package of go [testing](https://golang.org/pkg/testing/)
- **API documentation**: with [swaggo](https://github.com/swaggo/swag) a go implementation
  of [swagger](https://swagger.io/)
- **Dependency management**: with [go modules](https://golang.org/ref/mod)
- **Environment variables**: using [viper](https://github.com/spf13/viper)
- **Docker support**
- **Code quality**: with [CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/)
- **Linting**: with [ESLint](https://eslint.org)

## Commands

### Build and run image of docker

```bash
docker-compose up  --build  -d
```

### Swagger Implementation

```bash
swag connectSQL -g routes/ApplicationV1.go
```

### Unit test command

```bash
# run recursive test
go test  ./test/unitgo/...
# clean go test results in cache
go clean -testcache
```

### Lint inspection of go

```bash
golangci-lint run ./...
```

Commit message:

Fix Swagger implementation and add delete method

README.md, after:

# Golang Microservices Boilerplate

[![issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/gbrayhan/microservices-go)](https://github.com/gbrayhan/microservices-go/tree/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE)
[![forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/gbrayhan/microservices-go)](https://github.com/gbrayhan/microservices-go/network/members)
[![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/gbrayhan/microservices-go)](https://github.com/gbrayhan/microservices-go/stargazers)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/gbrayhan/microservices-go)](https://github.com/gbrayhan/microservices-go/tree/master/LICENSE)
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/gbrayhan/microservices-go/badge/master)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/gbrayhan/microservices-go/overview/master)

Example structure to start a microservices project with golang. Using a MySQL databaseSQL.

## Manual Installation

If you would still prefer to do the installation manually, follow these steps:

Clone the repo:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/gbrayhan/microservices-go
```

If you need, configure the environment variables in file config.json, if you use docker-compose leave the variables set
in the file config.json.example

```bash 
cp config.json.example config.json
```

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Commands](#commands)
- [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [API Documentation](#api-documentation)
- [Error Handling](#error-handling)
- [Validation](#validation)
- [Linting](#linting)

## Features

- **Golang v1.14**: Stable version of go
- **Framework**: A stable version of [gin-go](https://github.com/gin-gonic/gin)
- **SQL databaseSQL**: [MariaDB](https://mariadb.org/) using internal sql package of
  go [sql](https://golang.org/pkg/databaseSQL/sql/)
- **Testing**: unit and integration tests using package of go [testing](https://golang.org/pkg/testing/)
- **API documentation**: with [swaggo](https://github.com/swaggo/swag) a go implementation
  of [swagger](https://swagger.io/)
- **Dependency management**: with [go modules](https://golang.org/ref/mod)
- **Environment variables**: using [viper](https://github.com/spf13/viper)
- **Docker support**
- **Code quality**: with [CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/)
- **Linting**: with [ESLint](https://eslint.org)

## Commands

### Build and run image of docker

```bash
docker-compose up  --build  -d
```

### Swagger Implementation

```bash
swag init -g routes/ApplicationV1.go
```
To visualize the swagger documentation on local use 

http://localhost:8080/v1/swagger/index.html


### Unit test command

```bash
# run recursive test
go test  ./test/unitgo/...
# clean go test results in cache
go clean -testcache
```

### Lint inspection of go

```bash
golangci-lint run ./...
```
